Docs(config) : add info about node options (#3747)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

  }
};
```

> T> NODE_OPTIONS can be used to make HTTP_MAX_HEADER_SIZE configurable as : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> It is possible to set any Node.js flags via `NODE_OPTIONS`, for example, to configure `HTTP_MAX_HEADER_SIZE`: 
```
